#
# ident	"@(#)perlgcc.pod	1.1	02/11/07 SMI"
#
# Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
# Use is subject to license terms.
#

=head1 NAME

perlgcc - Compile perl modules using gcc.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 perlgcc Makefile.PL; make

=head1 DESCRIPTION

When perl is built it saves the name of the compiler and any compiler flags
in its configuration files, and then uses these saved settings when any
additional modules are built.  The perl 5.005_03 and perl 5.6.1 shipped with
Solaris 8, 9 and 10 were built with the Forte compilers rather than gcc.

If add-on modules are built with the Forte compilers, everyting works as
expected.  However, if gcc is used to build add-on modules, the saved
configuration is incorrect as it assumes that the Forte compiler will be
present.

This command provides a set of perl configuration files that are configured to
use gcc as the compiler rather than the Forte compiler.  The default
configuration files are not modified, instead a replacement set of files are
transparently substituted for the duration of the perlgcc command.

Instead of invoking C<perl Makefile.PL> to generate the makefile needed
to compile a module, C<perlgcc Makefile.PL> should be used instead.
All command-line arguments to perlgcc are passed unmodified to
C</usr/perl5/5.6.1/bin/perl>.

If you use the CPAN.pm module, instead of invoking C<perl -MCPAN -e shell>,
you should use C<perlgcc -MCPAN -e shell> instead, and use as normal.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

PERL5LIB

This is modified to point to the location of the replacement perl configuration
files.

=head1 LICENSING

This module is released under the perl Artistic license, see the file LICENSE
in the distrubution tarball.

=head1 SEE ALSO

C<perl(1)>, C<perlrun(1)>.
